if you were trapped on an island with
very strange large
and very dangerous wildlife would you
know how to survive
in this video i'm going to be teaching
you how to beat the creatures from
kong skull island like all videos in
this series we're going to be trying to
give the characters some advice to
hopefully help them survive a little
longer in the movie or survive all the
way till the very end
now let's get started with the movie and
see what we have to work with
our movie starts off during the world
war ii time period where we see an
american pilot and a japanese pilot both
crash onto a strange unknown island
the two immediately start fighting with
a japanese soldier almost killing the
american soldier
but then the presence of a giant gorilla
many of you known as
king kong shows up and stops the fight
normally i'd give some combat advice on
how the american soldier could have
potentially won the fight however i
don't think it's actually good if the
american soldier wins the fight in this
situation
and if you haven't already watched the
movie you'll know why soon enough
our movie then cuts to the near future
and we start following a scientist named
will
randa and he's been working to assemble
a crew full of soldiers
and experts to explore an uncharted
island the entire crew is then briefed
about the island that was avoided by
people for centuries and how it's
surrounded by
perpetual storm system they also plan to
bomb the entire island so they can get a
seismic reading and essentially
map the entire island out here the ship
runs into some terrible weather meaning
they probably can't get any closer to
the island
both the captain and the project manager
say we shouldn't go
however both dr randa and the colonel
both say they want to go to the island
or else they'll miss the window
and the planes fly in basically
embarking them on an impossible mission
to explore the skull island
and that brings me to my first series of
solutions is don't go to the [ __ ]
island in the first place
in this movie there's plenty of
different reasons and signs that you
should not be going to this island from
the perspective of almost every
character
well the first and most obvious reason
is the soldiers are all returning from
the vietnam war
and many of their families are waiting
for them in the u.s to return
home and i highly doubt your family
would be extremely happy if you went
from the jungles of saigon to the
jungles of an unexplored island that's
been avoided for centuries
if you find yourself in this situation
there's multiple ways you could avoid
going to the army and the most common
one i found is getting an injury so bad
that you can no longer embark on the
mission
for example during world war ii many
soldiers were able to skip their battles
by walking out into the woods
saying they had to take a [ __ ] piss
and then shooting themselves in the leg
saying it was an enemy bullet and
because they were injured they would not
have to rush
enemy trenches another reason they
definitely should have aborted the
mission was because of the strange
weather phenomenon surrounding the
island
the captain literally said his ship
could not get any closer
and the crew are flying in helicopters
which are the vehicles
most heavily affected by strong winds so
realistically without the movie logic
i think all their planes would have just
blown away in the giant storm
now finally i'm gonna use a tactic
almost never seen in movies which is
common sense you have a government
official giving you a top secret mission
and bribing you with cash to go with him
when you get onto the ship you see a
giant storm around an
island that for some strange reason has
been avoided for the past
centuries and then you see them coming
in with bombs and military equipment
if it was truly just an exploration
mission they would not need this
the portuguese literally explored
america with like muskets and
smallpox but you know and if you think
about it it's almost as if someone's
keeping a secret that there's something
very dangerous and very scary about the
island that most people don't know about
unfortunately in the movie the
characters all end up making it to the
island meaning that a majority of them
end up dying
and here we come to our second solution
which is a majority of this video as
well
it's how you could survive if you do get
placed on the island
once the helicopters make it out of the
storm and fly to the island's land mass
they drop off the scientists onto the
ground
while the rest of the planes start
bombing the area to get a seismic
reading
however as they're dropping bombs all
over the island they meet a very pissed
off calm
so all the helicopters instinctively
start firing at him
it turns out however that kong is almost
impervious to these bullets so he starts
taking the helicopters out one at a time
usually by grabbing them out of the air
and throwing them or sometimes even
throwing helicopters into other
helicopters
this situation could be avoided if the
helicopters have just
flown in different directions away from
kong and then landed when he wasn't near
them
because it's a jungle environment the
thick canopy will protect
kong from seeing you once you run into
the jungle after all the helicopters go
down the characters are split into two
halves one half with more military
people and the other half with the
explorers photographers and scientists
we start following one of the groups
whose plan is make it to the rendezvous
point on foot and then fire a signal
flare so hopefully someone will pick
them up
while the colonel who's the leader of
the other group decides to interrogate
the scientists that brought him here
honestly if i were in this situation i
would interrogate him too because you
really have nothing to lose he'll either
provide you with no information which
doesn't change your circumstance or
he'll provide you with information which
could help you survive
meanwhile back in the first crew they're
already walking across the island and
they come upon some native wildlife they
make the good decision of not shooting
at it because you can see how well
shooting at the native wildlife did for
you in the first place
after walking for a while they realized
that they have come upon some runes
that shows that there was once humans on
this island well
or maybe that there is humans if you're
able to infer from the movie earlier and
the time period jumps you'd be able to
realize that's the american pilot from
earlier in the movie
the world war ii vet then directs
everyone to the villagers tribes where
they're allowed to rest for a little bit
and here the world war ii vet exposes
everything about the island they show
this wall and that wall isn't made for
kong it's made for something much
scarier the vet also brings up an
important point he says people in this
tribe live for a very long time there's
no personal property and stress levels
are very low
so that brings me to my third possible
solution you could abandon
your life entirely and join and live in
the tribe like the world war ii vet did
this lifestyle isn't for everyone but it
could be considered a good thing to some
people because you can't really find an
experience like this in the modern world
now let's quickly go check on the
military people from the other side of
the island rather than walk into some
healthy natives and a helpful world war
two vet they walk into a large bamboo
forest
just a fun fact bamboo is actually the
tallest species of grass in the world
and
inside each bamboo there's usually a
source of water that's plenty safe to
drink
and since this island is mysterious you
don't know if the water has any unknown
pathogens or
microscopic creatures that might like
eat your lungs or some [ __ ] so the
bamboo water is probably safer than just
drinking from a river
to continue with the movie one of the
soldiers thinks it's a safe time to take
a break because it's a bamboo forest
after all however it turns out that this
isn't just a bamboo forest there's a
giant bamboo bug that shoots bamboo legs
through people
you see this soldier probably could have
lived if he was just paying attention so
he should have let the other people in
front of him know that he was taking a
drink so maybe they could watch for him
it turns out that this bug can also
shoot these sticky things that drag you
up into the sky
the soldier is able to escape by cutting
away the sticky tentacles that are
trapping him
however i think a better solution is use
the knife to cut your clothes off and
that would free you
my reasoning is you don't know if this
creature's blood is acidic like a
xenomorph or something so it's better to
not mess with it
you might be butt naked but at least
you'll be alive they're only able to
defeat the creature after they realize
the creature's legs are basically bamboo
so they just cut its legs off and
it dies and they get out of the forest
after getting out of the forest one of
the soldiers is simply standing in the
river alone attending to his wounds
it really pisses me off to see him put
the dirty water into his water bottle
and then pour it into his hand and put
it on his wound
why didn't you just stick his hand into
the water and put the hand on the wound
now he probably has some mysterious
ebola level disease
in his bottle that he's gonna drink from
later just then we see king kong show up
and start tending to his wounds in the
exact same lake however he gets attacked
by squid
but this is just calamari dinner for
king kong and he just eats the [ __ ]
squid
back at the native skull island camp the
first group realized they can't make it
to the rendezvous
on time on foot so they trust the world
war ii vet and help him fix up his old
plane
turned boat and they call it a plot and
the photographer lady instead of helping
repair the plot she decides to venture
outside of the walls which is a terrible
[ __ ] idea and she sees one of those
big deer elk thingies trapped under a
helicopter
what does she try to do she tries to
lift the entire helicopter off of it
now this is such a stupid move for so
many reasons just imagine if one of
those skull devil things from earlier
showed up and [ __ ] killed her luckily
for the girl king kong eventually comes
and frees the elk from the helicopter
and that soldier from earlier is still
alone for some unknown [ __ ] reason
he's sitting on this weird
log bug hybrid thingy and he immediately
opens fires and if we haven't learned
from the movie
shooting at stuff either pisses off or
attracts something much more deadly
and in this case it was the latter half
he attracted one of the skull devils
which immediately kills him
fortunately for all the living people on
the island they're actually able to get
the plot to work and after
signal flares fire the two groups meet
together but not before the scientist
guy gets a little too eager and excited
and gets killed by some pterodactyl bird
hybrids
the colonel of the group has apparently
gone [ __ ] crazy and he decides he
wants to go kill kong instead of
immediately getting off the island
and this is despite the veteran telling
them that's where all the skull crawlers
are
if i find myself in this situation i
would just tell the colonel that it's
too dangerous to bring the civilian
so i would stay back with the civilians
and once the colonel leaves with all his
men
i would drive the plane off and leave
however in the movie this
isn't what they do and they all go as a
group together to skull crawler
territory i know sometimes you should
stick together but you obviously
shouldn't stick together in [ __ ]
situations
once all the people are deep in skull
crawler territory the scientists that
brought them all here
immediately gets eaten a giant fight
ensues and if you want to watch that
fight go check out the movie you can
find it on plenty of websites online
i mean i don't know if i was allowed to
say that fbi opened up
the only one part of the fight scene i
found extremely strange is once the
poisonous gas
accidentally explodes from the guy with
the grenades one of the people runs in
with a gas mask and a sword
however he's trying to save someone who
is just sitting in the poisonous gas
without a mask
and right before he saves them for some
reason he also takes off the mask in the
middle of the poisonous gas
the colonel has clearly at this point
become a pyromaniac and
almost goes insane because the first two
times he tries to kill kong
each time he loses a [ __ ] ton of men the
third time he decides to blow up the
entire forest
honestly if i were one of the men in
this situation i'd speak up against his
actions and if he didn't listen i would
execute him on the spot
because he's basically going to get all
of you killed luckily right before he's
able to detonate charges on the kong
kong just [ __ ] crushes him and this
scene's actually really satisfying
now we finally reached the real final
fight of the movie between kong and the
giant skull devil so what could we do to
help out kong
but first could we please appreciate the
funniest and worst sacrifice in perhaps
movie history
when the fight first starts kong uses a
giant projectile to smash the creature
in the head which i think is very
effective use of your natural resources
just a few seconds later in this fight
there's a scene where kong is trying to
use his hands to pull the alligator
creature-looking thing's mouth open
however this isn't a smart move because
most creatures have a stronger
bite strength than you do at grip
strength especially as a gorilla because
i believe that creature is similar to a
crocodile and believe it or not
crocodile have the strongest bite
strength on the planet and now imagine
that like a hundred times bigger
he later uses a tree to swing at the
creature like a baseball bat
however i think this is really
ineffective because the creature has a
lot of outer armor instead i would try
to sharpen the tree on a nearby rock and
then stab it into the creature's throat
which seems to be his weak point the
creature eventually pushes kong back
into the nearby boat however kong is
able to escape and use the propeller as
a hook to stab the creature
and pull him closer he then beats the
[ __ ] out of the creature using that
weird propeller thing
after the creature is down he goes to
save the girl however the creature was
never dead
but this is why i think you should
always double tap your target it doesn't
hurt to punch it a few more times and at
the end he ends up killing the creature
while saving the girl at the same time
and the rest of the people are free to
leave through the boat and they get to
the rendezvous point and everyone makes
it back to the us that survived up to
this point which is a decent ending
overall i rate this movie on the
beatability scale of a 7 out of 10. i
think it's very beatable especially
because you have a lot of people that
can take shots for you
and you have a giant [ __ ] monkey
protecting you and that's how you beat
the skull island i just checked my
subscribers and more than 80 percent of
people who watch my videos are not
subscribed
how about not being so stingy and
hitting the subscribe button it
literally costs you nothing
thank you all so much for the explosion
of support on my channel as usual like
the video and comment what movie you
want next and if you're subscribed you'd
always check the polls and see what
movie i might be doing next and vote for
which one's your favorite
and as usual have a good rest of your
[Music]
day